this is bzh coming to you live from big
zach house so after using my sony live
view remote i'm going to give you guys
an in-depth review and go over all the
key functions of the live view remote
and let you know my thoughts
the Sony live view remote offers a 1.5
inch LCD screen as you can see
there is a very comfortable rubber
backing and adjustable wrist strap
and then if you just go over to this
side
and unhook that part and you can adjust
it to make it bigger or smaller
depending on your wrist size so that's
pretty neat
so one of the other cool features of
this live be remote
is that the charger cable is a microUSB
right here as you can see so the
microUSB can charge the live your mote
as well as the action cam itself so a
pretty neat feature same cord for both I
like that a lot now I will show you how
easy it is to connect the live view
remote to the action cam so term I
actually came on
then I'm going to turn my live remote on
put in the bottom button they are now
connecting bang that fast as you can see
that means on there so to look at the
lag time we'll put them side-by-side I
hit the button it starts real fast
there's a little bit of a lag when
you're stopping recording which I don't
find to be that big of a deal so I get
to see me recording pretty cool we're
liking this you can change all of your
settings with the remote so right now
I'm going to HQ I can go to all the
different modes which is pretty neat
into a slow-mo changes a camera right
away to 720 60 so that's a great feature
so the live view remote is supposed to
be water resistant for up to 30 minutes
in 9.8 feet of water so I have a little
bucket here just to dip it in see how it
all works so the library minutes in the
water
still looks good everything is working
the strap doesn't retain a whole lot of
water so it's so looks like I'll be
comfortable from the back part obviously
it just falls right off the rubber so
this is a key feature for the live view
remote especially if you're going to be
doing action sports such as skiing or
surfing any of that sort
so some keynotes the library remote
works within 16 feet of your camera it
can work with the action cams and also
other Sony cameras that have Wi-Fi
features something that everybody always
asks is the battery life so the battery
life for the live remote is supposed to
be 240 minutes which is going to be
about 4 hours and I've been playing with
this thing a lot and the battery life is
excellent so if you're looking for
something is going to give you a great
battery life this is a good accessory to
have so to sum up my review of the sony
live remote I would highly recommend
picking up this accessory especially if
you have an action cam and a s 30 or 15
or if you're looking at getting the a s
100 you can pick up this LiveView remote
along with the camera for 399 if you
purchase this by itself it's going to be
150 so with the a s 100 this is going to
be 100 and the cameras will be $2.99 you
can pretty much do everything on your
Live View mode that you can do on your
camera so all the functions it's
water-resistant
I'm loving this thing it's comfortable
so let me know what you guys think and
please like this video and subscribe to
my channel for future videos and reviews